remove trad. documentation (#2559)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/client-configuration/pages/delete-clients.adoc

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Cleaning up a Salt client does only disable salt and stop the service if possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cleaning up a {salt} client only disables {salt} and stops the service if possible.
```
